---
layout: post
title: Thoughts on U.S. Cyber Trust Mark
---

Two days ago, the White House launched the "U.S. Cyber Trust Mark," a label put on products deamed "cybersecure" by the government. 

This initiative is a smart idea because it's hard to tell online which products are secure and which are easily hackable. This new labeling initiative will give consumers peace of mind, ensuring they aren't being watched through their security cameras or home assistants.

However, there are potential downsides. Consumers might mistakenly believe their devices are safe simply because they carry the U.S. Cyber Trust Mark. For instance, if there's a suspicious connection to a security camera that has this label, people might assume it's secure just because of the certification.

Moreover, if I understand their announcement correctly, the government will not be conducting the tests. Instead, products will be evaluated by "accredited labs," whatever that means. These labs might cut corners in testing to save money or could engage in other questionable practices that governmental oversight would prevent.

On top of all that, this initiative is going to negatively impact smaller buisnesses that are developing electronics. For small companies, obtaining the Cyber Trust Mark is going to be very expensive, making it more difficult and costly to bring new products to market. This situation may ultimately favor large, established companies while hindering the growth of smaller businesses.

While the idea of so called "U.S. Cyber Trust Mark" is good, many aspects need to be addressed for it to work effectively.
